Linear search:
    Worst case time complexity - O(n)
    Memory costs - O(n)

    Algorithm principle
    1) Set the initial value of the index (denote it by i) equal to the index of the first
    element in the sequence.
    2) Get the element standing at the index n[i]. Two cases are possible:
        (a)The key of the element is equal to the element sought. Return the index and terminate the algorithm. Search
        is successful.
        b)The element key is not equal to the search item. Increase the index by one. i=i+1. Go to
        point 3.

    3) Check if the index is less than or equal to the index of the last element in the
    of the sequence. If yes, go to step 2. If no, terminate the algorithm.
    The search has failed.

Interpolation search:
    Worst case time complexity - O(n)

    Algorithm principle
    The algorithm is based on interpolation of the dependence of a sequence element on the value of its index.
    the value of its index. The obtained interpolation dependence is used to be able to
    to predict the location of the element. As with binary search, the search area
    decreases with each step. Binary search reduces the search area always by a factor of two. В
    well chosen interpolating dependency, the search area shrinks faster, while a poorly chosen interpolating dependency shrinks faster.
    at the same time, a poorly chosen interpolation dependence can cause the search area to drop
    efficiency to linear.
    In the general case, creating an interpolation dependence, although possible, is difficult.
    difficult. A much simpler and more efficient method is to use
    search in a sorted sequence.

    1) The sequence to be searched is sorted. If the sequence
    is already sorted, this step can be skipped.
    2) Select the first and the last element of the sequence as the starting points (left and right).
    of the sequence.
    3) The index value is determined using the linear interpolation formula. We get the element by
    by this index. The obtained element is compared with the sought element. There are different cases of :
        a) The element is equal to the sought element. Finish the algorithm. The search is successful.
        b) The element is greater than the sought element. Move the right point. The new value (the found index is 1).
        c) The element is less than the one you are looking for. Move the left point. New value (found index +1).
    4) Repeat step 3 until the element is found or the search interval is empty.
    interval for the search.